So look back
So far
Nishikai City
Up to 14th
But somehow hit
To RIGA opening 1 army
It is not so much as usual
I want you to receive
I cut in on how much
It has not been up for a moment
Middle hit
Ok
That's well
It is this year
2. Distribute to the form
Not sweet
Shaked off with a stove
At a hotel in Tokyo
And well
I understood
Conducted at a good pace from the opening game
2 battles in a row
Join eu
I did not land
We see off this time
I want to do my best
I'm telling you it was that kind of place but I think
Expanding position
It would have been better
This is
I agree
As we seem to maintain results of many participating schools
No
In addition, high-rise buildings are overlooked
Pretty practice I will probably do in the same place
I'm going to run into the final candidate
To go up high
I want to pull